<h1>1983 - 1985</h1>
<p>

<h3>July 3rd, 1983</h3>

Police was called to a mansion right outside of the city due to screams reported by neighbors and tourists. 

Upon arrival, the mansion was empty and nothing of suspicion was found. 

The police tried contacting the family that lived there but were unable to get in contact with them.

Later in the week, newspapers began printing out the story of the missing family. The father of the family was involved in a political scandal and was reported that he disappeared in favor of an opposing party.

Halloween of that year, teenagers wanted to turn the mansion into a Haunted House but reported something strange was going on. Lights were still on, water was running and whenever someone would place something, it would disappear. The Haunted House came to a close when a student was reported pushed down the stairs by a mysterious figure and couldn't find the culprit. The locals deemed the house dangerous.

<h3>1983</h3>

In 1984, stories began to arise and reports were being recounted by the police. The scream that was heard was a male and it could have been the son or the father.

A petition was started to tear down the Mansion but the city ruled against it as it was private property and paid off with fees to maintain for the next 50 years.

The locals were dumbfounded by the news and wondered who was still paying for it. Rumors were that the family was so well-off they have simply just moved and paid off the mansion for when they returned.

<h3>1985</h3>

A year later in 1985, plans to tear down nearby houses began to make room for new buildings. But in 1986, the plan was stopped leaving the Mansion the only building to stand and it continues to do so for the next 30 years.


<em>To Be Continued...</em>


</p>